Careers - EasyPost
High-performance shipping made easy
Careers at EasyPost
Our team of problem solvers brings a modern approach to shipping logistics. We collaborate across departments, ask challenging questions, explore new solutions, and take accountability for our wins and mistakes.
See all job openings
Dear Job Seekers,
We want to ensure your safety and protect you from potential scams. Recently, there have been fraudulent recruitment initiatives online that impersonate our company. These scams aim to deceive unsuspecting applicants by offering nonexistent positions and requesting personal information or upfront fees.
Remember that our company does not endorse any job postings outside our official channels. If you encounter a suspicious offer, report it through the job platform on which you found it or report email as spam.
If you need to check on the validity of an email from EasyPost, feel free to reach out directly to
recruiting@easypost.com
For more information on this scam, please see this
FTC Consumer Alert
.
The future of you
As industry experts, we’re working not only to help our customers make sense of the industry, but to define where it’s headed. We are looking for candidates who are approachable, dynamic, inventive, intelligent, and reliable to join our team in unpacking the future of shipping.
Join us
The future of shipping
How can modern, flexible technology improve the customer experience of shipping? What if every business was able to offer same-day shipping? How much waste would be removed from the environment if all our shipments were consolidated into one delivery per week? At EasyPost, we’re figuring out the answer to these questions and more.
Join us
Life at EasyPost
Adaptive
Embrace new challenges to grow your skill set.
Simple
Create efficient solutions that are easy to execute.
Inclusive
Share new ideas and work collaboratively across teams.
Team and technology
We’re a fun group of passionate entrepreneurs who built our own revolutionary software designed to make shipping simple. EasyPost started as an Engineering first company and we are proud to have a pragmatic approach to software development. Our team has a wealth of diverse experience and different backgrounds ranging from startups to large technology companies.Be part of a leading technology company:
CI/CD inspired workflows – we deploy dozens of times a day
Small services over monoliths – we’ve deployed hundreds of services
Strong engineering tooling and developer support
Transparency and participation around architecture and technology decisions
Culture of blamelessness and improving today from yesterday’s shortcomings
See openings
Benefits and perks
Medical, dental, vision plans
Flexible time-off
Stock option opportunities
Cross-functional learning
Monthly virtual events
Start your adventure at EasyPost
All
3
Remote
1
Lehi, Utah
2
Engineering
Application Security Engineer
Security
Remote
Customer Success
Customer Success Manager III
Customer Success
Lehi, Utah
Sales
Sales Development Representative II
Sales
Lehi, Utah
Solutions
Pricing
Carriers
Code-Free Label Creation
Return Shipping Labels
Shipping API
Tracking API
Address Verification
Insurance API
Luma AI
MagicLogic
Partner White Label API
Partners
Developers
Guides
API Docs
Client Libraries
Carrier Updates
Status
Contact Us
Talk to Support
Contact Sales
Company
About Us
Careers
Blog
Podcast
Resources
Privacy
Legal
Scroll to top
Scroll to top
Scroll to top