Founding Engineer at Adaptional | Y Combinator
Adaptional
AI-powered insurance claims review
Founding Engineer
$180K - $280K
•
1.00% - 2.00%
•
San Francisco, CA, US
Job type
Full-time
Role
Engineering, Full stack
Experience
1+ years
Visa
US citizen/visa only
Connect directly with founders of the best YC-funded startups.
Apply to role ›
Kevin Cox
Founder
Kevin Cox
Founder
About the role
Adaptional is building AI for insurance. Insurance is one of the largest industries globally, and still manages huge amounts of work with manual data entry, outsourced teams, human error-checking, and 20-year-old software. We are building a platform that delivers the claude-code experience for insurance teams.
Adaptional’s founders previously built and exited a VC-backed insurance startup and raised a $10m seed round, one of the largest insurtech seeds to date. We are working with top-10 insurance companies and are building a multi-product roadmap rapidly.
As a founding engineer you will build the company at the earliest stage, both technically and culturally. The role of an engineer is evolving from writing code to being full-stack problem solvers (and using lots of AI agents to do it), and we are looking for AI-pilled engineers with strong technical foundations who are excited by this. You’ll build the core product, work directly with our customers, and do whatever it takes to make our customers successful.
We work together in-person at an office in the Presidio, San Francisco.
What you’ll do:
Build new AI agents and features from scratch
Obsess over evals and correctness in highly specialized domains
Iterate on design and human-agent interaction patterns
Embed regulatory and legal compliance into AI tasks
Build backends that can support fast-scaling agentic workloads
Secure systems for a highly discerning and regulated customer base
Qualifications:
Experienced full-stack software engineer — we care more about what you have done than years of experience
You leverage agentic engineering heavily, but still care about your code and its quality
Succeeded at something difficult and can share what you learned (ex. D1/national athletics, academic competitions, started or early at a startup, launched a new product, open source with real users, learned 3 languages for fun, etc.)
Want to work directly with customers, go deep on insurance topics, and creatively solve their problems
Compensation
:
Highly competitive cash & equity, based on experience and skill level
About
Adaptional
Adaptional
Founded:
2024
Batch:
S25
Status:
Active
Location:
San Francisco
Founders
Kevin Cox
Founder
Kevin Cox
Founder
Suril Kantaria
Founder
Suril Kantaria
Founder