Full Stack Engineer (Americas)
Location

North to South America

Employment Type

Full time

Location Type

Remote

Department

Engineering

Compensation
$100K – $180K • 0.05% – 0.25%
Overview
Application

Infisical is looking to hire exceptional talent to join our teams in building the open source security infrastructure stack for the AI era.

We're building a generational company with a world-class team. This isn’t a place to coast — but if you want to grow fast, take ownership, and solve tough problems, you’ll be challenged like nowhere else.

What We’re Looking For

We’re looking for an exceptional Full Stack Engineer to help us build, optimize, and expand the foundation of the platform.

We’ve kept our hiring standards exceptionally high since we expect engineers to tackle a broad range of challenges on a day-to-day basis. Examples of past engineering initiatives include developing strategies for secret rotation and dynamic secrets, a gateway to provide secure access to private resources, protocols like EST and KMIP, integrations for syncing secrets across cloud providers, and entire new product lines such as Infisical PKI and Infisical SSH.

You’ll be working closely with our CTO and the rest of the engineering team to:

Develop and maintain features whilst communicating directly with enterprise customers.

Expand our newer Infisical PKI, Infisical SSH, and Infisical KMS product lines.

Experiment with novel approaches for applying AI to secrets management and more broadly security infrastructure.

Requirements

Deep technical mastery of the JavaScript ecosystem, particularly React.js, Node.js, and TypeScript.

Exceptional attention to detail and eager to learn.

A bias toward action—able to make decisions with incomplete information, iterate quickly, and take calculated risks.

Based in the Americas (US, Canada, or LATAM)

Bonus

Expertise in Go.

Has some understanding of devops/developer tools.

Previous founder or startup experience.

Previous experience building in open source or developer tools in either a professional or personal setting.

Excellent written and oral communication skills to interact with customers directly.

How You’ll Grow

In this role, you’ll play a pivotal part in shaping Infisical’s future—making key technical decisions, establishing foundational processes, and tackling complex scalability challenges. As you gain experience and the team expands, you'll have the opportunity to take full ownership of specific areas of our platform, driving them end-to-end with autonomy and impact.

Overall, you’ll be one of the defining pieces of our team as we scale to thousands of customers over the next 18 months.

Team, Values & Benefits

Our team brings experience from companies like Figma, AWS, and Red Hat. We operate primarily as a remote team but maintain a strong presence in San Francisco, where we have an office. We also get together in person throughout the year for off-sites, conferences, and team gatherings.

At Infisical, we offer competitive compensation, including both salary and equity options. Additional benefits, such as a lunch stipend and a work setup budget, are available with more details to be found on our careers page.

About Us

Infisical is the open source security infrastructure platform that engineers use for secrets, certificates, and privileged access management. We help developers and organizations securely manage over 1.5 billion secrets each month including application configuration, database credentials, certificates, and more.

We’ve raised $19M from Y Combinator, Google, and Elad Gil, and our customers include Hugging Face, Lucid, and LG.

Join us on a mission to make security easier for all developers — starting with secrets management.

Apply for this Job
Powered by 

Privacy PolicySecurityVulnerability Disclosure