Join The Best Team in Video Tech | Mux
Skip to content
Mux Logo
Toggle Mux Brand Popover
Toggle navigation menu
X
Talk to us
Talk to us
Log in
Log in
We're building the future of video infrastructure
Our Mission
Mux is video for developers. Our mission is to democratize video by solving the hard problems developers face when building video: video encoding and streaming (Mux Video), video monitoring (Mux Data), and more. Video is a huge part of people’s lives, and we want to help make it better.
We’re committed to building a healthy team that welcomes a diverse range of backgrounds and experiences. We want people who care about our mission, are ready to grow, believe in our values (from Be Human to Turn Customers Into Fans), and want to make the people around them better.
You’ll be joining a tight-knit team with experience at places like Google, YouTube, Twitch, Zencoder, Fastly, and more. Our founders previously started (and sold) Zencoder, an early leader in cloud video technology, and authored Video.js, the biggest HTML5 video player on the web. We organize Demuxed, the premiere conference for video engineers in the world.
We’re backed by top investors like Coatue, Accel, Andreessen Horowitz, and Y Combinator. You’ll get to work with amazing companies: hundreds of startups, plus Reddit, Vimeo, Robinhood, CBSi, Discovery, PBS, and TED. Customers large and small love working with us and love our team.
We are building something big together. We’d love to hear from you!
Company Values
Eyeball
Care obsessively
Every frame matters.
Smiley Face
Be human
We are humans first and believe there is more to life than work.
Lightning
Do a lot with a little
Look for ROI on time and money. We are a startup after all.
Chat
Be clear and direct
Good communication leads to good thinking (and vice versa).
Heart
Customers = fans
Always look for opportunities to delight our users.
Fast Forward
Bias for action
Don’t wait for something to be on fire to fix it.
Open Positions
Engineering
Staff Platform Engineer
Remote, United States
Revenue
Senior Account Manager
New York, New York, United States
Engineering
Staff Platform Engineer
Remote, United States
Revenue
Senior Account Manager
New York, New York, United States
Benefits
Mux is remote-equal with offices in Downtown San Francisco and London
Flexible vacation & paid company holidays
Competitive health insurance (100% employee and 65% dependents coverage)
Family friendly with paid leave, funded fertility benefits, and a snoo rental
No-meeting Thursdays + focus weeks every quarter
FSA and funded HSA available
Annually renewed professional development stipends
3 day/week lunch for in-office and remote employees
Fully paid premiums for STD, LTD, and group life insurance
Fun perks like equipment, sVOD, and cell phone reimbursement
Mux is an Equal Opportunity employer committed to building a diverse company. We believe diversity makes us better, and we strive to be inclusive and equitable. That’s why we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status.
Smiley Face
We like you already
Don’t see the position you’re looking for?
Arrow Right
Get in touch
Get in touch
No credit card required to start using Mux.
Start building
for free
Start building
for free
Docs
Explore our APIs
Read the docs
Docs
Explore our APIs
Read the docs
Demo
Get a demo
Let's chat
Demo
Get a demo
Let's chat
© Mux, Inc.
2026
Terms
Security
Privacy
Cookies
Sitemap
Status:
Loading
....