Technical Success Manager at Substrate | Y Combinator
Substrate
Artificial Intelligence for your medical billing team
Technical Success Manager
$100K - $130K
•
0.01%
•
San Francisco, CA, US
Job type
Full-time
Role
Engineering, Backend
Experience
3+ years
Visa
US citizen/visa only
Connect directly with founders of the best YC-funded startups.
Apply to role ›
Ayo Omojola
Founder
Ayo Omojola
Founder
About the role
About Substrate
Substrate (
www.substrate.cc
) is building the world’s first AI native BPO, starting with healthcare RCM. We’re focused on helping healthcare enterprises like physician groups, EMR providers, and BPOs accelerate AR, and get reimbursed quickly and cost effectively. We already touch over 500k healthcare claims each month.
The Role
We're looking for an Technical Success Manager to to make client experiences magical. This involves deeply understanding client needs, leaders, and processes, our interfaces with client systems, and the underlying stack used to support them. You’ll help clients run down problems and help engineers explore new opportunities with clients, and you’ll help clients understand how agents are working in production, and understand their data. This is a role for someone who finds vague answers unsatisfying, and derives deep pleasure from enabling clients to be more successful.
What You'll Work On
Own the Client Relationship:
Primary point of contact for clients from pilot through expansion. Build trust with operators and executives by showing up with answers, not ticket numbers.
Investigate and Diagnose:
Take customer-reported anomalies all the way to root cause, without waiting for an engineer to guide you. Query production databases, trace through the codebase, and reconstruct exactly what happened.
Develop autonomous tools:
Create new, differentiated tools for understanding production problems more quickly and reliably, and scaling client interactions.
Prototype and Demo:
Show customers what better looks like before engineering builds it. Turn unarticulated client needs into high fidelity use cases for us to explore
You Might Be a Fit If
You’ve been load bearing in previous roles, and are willing to take an extreme amount of ownership.
You are interested in going technically deeper into problems than anyone reasonable would, in service of excellence.
You’re comfortable in code, SQL and data
You have owned customer relationships in a B2B SaaS or Enterprise software or agentic AI environment with real accountability for retention or expansion
Deep experience with modern LLM architectures, fine-tuning approaches, and utilizing evals at scale
You either have healthcare domain knowledge already, or you’re excited about using AI to automate the tedium in healthcare
High agency: when blocked you find another path; when uncertain, you investigate rather than waits
You’re excited about working in person, in San Francisco, 3 days a week.
Some general color on what we’re looking for:
https://writing.kunle.app/p/come-work-with-me-at-substrate
.
We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.
Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed. If you spike extremely in certain areas or not in others, or if you’re extremely interested in this work and willing to go very deep to create something special, please apply and lets chat.
Compensation
Meaningful salary and equity available.
About
Substrate
Substrate is building browser based AI agents for healthcare RCM. Our goal here is to augment and replace employees, not replace any particular software a provider uses. We’ll go after the $14b outpatient RCM market, and if we’re successful, providers will finally start getting paid fairly.
We’re the right team for this problem with deep healthcare, AI & fullstack engineering expertise, multiple startups under our belt between us, and a deep network in healthcare that will help bootstrap the first customers and real revenue.
Substrate
Founded:
2024
Batch:
S24
Team Size:
2
Status:
Active
Location:
San Francisco
Founders
Ayo Omojola
Founder
Ayo Omojola
Founder
Inderpal Singh
Founder
Inderpal Singh
Founder